Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You were out late last night. Yes.
I was at the club.
Did I disturb you?
I heard you come in, but that's OK.
Is this yours? Yes.
When did you get it? Yesterday.
Out partying, new phone,
did you get a pay rise? Yes...
something like that.
I have to go. See you.
Oh! Your phone!
Not on the building site, security.
Bye, Adam.
It's a charity event. 54 miles.
You've got to get sponsors.
That's easy.
Getting sponsors?
54 miles.
So, will you do it? Is it a race?
No, it's not, it's for charity.
It's boring. Why has everything
got to be competitive with you?
It doesn't.
Race you to the river.
Come on, old man.
Excuse me. Sorry.
Excuse me, fellas.
♪ I don't want to drown no more
♪ Sick of the same old people
♪ The kind that'll sell your soul
♪ Trade it for a shining stone
♪ Ain't nothing in this life
for free
♪ Running from the greatest evil
♪ It finally dawned on me
♪ A man's got to fight temptation
♪ Keep the wolves from the door
♪ I hear them scratching
like I don't know better
♪ Won't you keep the wolves
from the door
♪ It won't be long before I cave in
and open up the door. ♪
No!
What's wrong?
I'm not going to share your bottle,
I don't know where it's been.
OK.
What's the charity?
You're not interested.
I might be.
Streatham Hospital.
It's where Leila works.
Hi. Hi.
Leila?
Is she going to be there?
Of course.
Well, it is for a good... cause,
a hospital. Yeah, I'll do it.
You said you were busy. I can move
things around.
Is this about helping the hospital
or is this about Leila? Oh.
All right, calm down. All right?
I might give her a call. Why?
To enrol. She's not organising it,
she's just taking part.
I might give her a call anyway.
What's her number?
07779...
325774. What?
07779 3257... 44.
You made that up. Well, I don't know
her number. I've forgotten it.
I've got to get to work. See ya.
See you tomorrow at the gym.
This is quite a view. Thank you.
You've done very well for yourself.
I could say the same for you,
Eleanor.
Government intelligence, serious
fraud. Why have you asked me here?
And always straight to the point.
I've asked you to come to my home...
Because you're up to something
you don't want anyone at Westminster
to know.
I'd have invited you to lunch.
I wouldn't have accepted.
You know very well we don't do lunch
at the SFO. Hmm.
I do sometimes think you take
probity a little too far.
I'm busy, Peter, so...
Charles Matherson.
The minister? Hmm.
Under-secretary of State for
Planning.
'Very much a high-flyer.'
Peter.
'Spoken of as future PM.'
Go on. It's not my place to tell the
SFO its business, but he's corrupt
and I'd like you to nail him.
In the past three years,
Matherson has green lit two
skyscrapers,
The Iron and The Fridge.
This is the third. It's the biggest
yet, it's called The Scimitar.
So, where's the problem?
The problem is...
his wife.
She has connections in the
construction industry.
Her father owns a quarry in
Yorkshire
supplying high-quality ragstone
to each of the buildings Matherson
has approved.
The Iron, The Fridge, The Scimitar.
Wait a minute.
He's a minister for planning,
how can he do that?
It's not him, it's not his wife,
it's his father-in-law.
It's all... very transparent, but...
Everyone was against
The Scimitar,
English Heritage, the Royal Parks
Foundation,
the Commission for Architecture.
Half a million Londoners even signed
a petition to stop it being built,
but he still managed to steer it through.
You think he's being bribed?
Well, that's what I'm hoping you can
tell me.
If he's being bribed, the money's
got to show up somewhere. Exactly.
Are we taking this on?
I don't know. What do you think?
I hate these buildings.
London doesn't need 'em.
80% of them are owned by foreign
investors.
They buy 'em off plan in Singapore
and they never live in them.
The whole thing's a racket.
That's not exactly the point.
Well, that's just how I feel.
Well, it's certainly worth some
initial scoping.
We'll need to look into his private
life.
I'll find a way in.
Whoa!
Hey, you two. You know what the rule
is on this site, yeah?
English only.
I told him about you. What, my name?
No, nothing. Good.
But Gulliver, he's OK.
He'll pay you the same.
1,000? Yeah.
If he gave you that,
it was worth more.
All right?
We should hang soon. When's good?
Can't wait to see you, babe.
Look, I know going through hundreds
of phones
isn't the most exciting job, but
have you found anything yet?
No, Sarge.
There could be some useful intel on
these, you never know.
Listen, er, I might have something
a bit different for you,
if you're up for it?
What's that? It's an undercover job.
I need something collected.
OK, it's hot, there's money involved
and it'll affect the whole squad.
What do you think?
Yes, Sarge.
Two cappuccinos, two flat whites,
three breakfast teas and a hot
chocolate.
I want the change and bring back
a receipt, all right?
Go on, then, get on with it.
Le Nozze Di Figaro by Mozart
I'm off. Where are you going?
The Wesleys. Oh, God!
I know. What is it this time?
The launch of The Scimitar dressed
up as some sort of charity do.
Art in prisons or something. Which
is where they'll probably end up.
There's my driver now.
Are you in tonight? I'm not moving.
Dinner in front of the TV. Oh, God!
Lucky you.
Mmm! I'll see you later.
You're not my usual driver.
What's happened to Ivan?
Ivan's not well, sir. They sent me.
Hmm. I'm very sorry to hear that.
What's the matter with him?
They did not say, sir.
They said he'd be away for two
weeks. It's a nuisance.
What's your name? Stefan, sir.
How long have you been with the car
service? Erm, six months.
Hmm. I hope you know your way
around.
I'm going to Parliament now,
then to the City Garden Space.
Do you know it? It's in the satnav,
sir. Yes, of course.
I, er, take it you know who I am?
Yes, sir. Right.
You never speed, you never go
through a yellow light,
and if ever you keep me waiting,
even for a minute,
I'll ask for a new driver. Is that
understood? Yes, sir. Good.
Let's go.
Oh.
Adam?
See you tonight. The Golabki. You're
buying.
Listen, er, the lights have gone
down in Section One.
You know, it's going to get dark
pretty soon.
I need you to go and check the
generator. Now?
Yeah, now. I mean, the rig's about
to arrive.
Yeah, we're going to be drilling all
night.
Well, crack on. Get on with it. OK.
'The Scimitar.
'A stunning new development set to
transform the London skyline.
'State-of-the-art offices,
'a luxurious five-star hotel,
'and breathtaking apartments,
'brought to life by visionary
developers the Wesley Brothers.
'This complex is already destined to
become...
'London's most exciting landmark.'
The City Garden Space, sir.
All right, wait for me here. I
shouldn't be more than an hour.
I'll let myself out.
'Rising 250 metres above the city,
'no building can compare in terms of
ambition, scale and prestige.
'This incredible investment
opportunity
'has complete government backing.
'Be part of the future,
be part of the name,
'be part of... The Scimitar.'
Ladies and gentlemen,
thank you very much.
We want to thank you all for being
here tonight,
in particular our wonderful
architect Paolo.
And, of course, the Under-secretary
of State, Charles Matherson.
Thanks to the agreement reached
with the minister,
The Scimitar will be making
a section 106 contribution
of £16 million going to
the local community.
Louis and I are determined that The
Scimitar should benefit all London
and working with the government,
that's what we intend to achieve.
I'm sorry, sir, I'm afraid this
venue's closed
for a private function this evening.
I'd like to see the Wesleys.
I'm sorry, I can't let you in if you're
not on the list. Listen, darling.
Tell them John Gulliver is here.
They'll see me.
Just between you and me, I don't
like your snotty attitude, OK?
So why don't you shove it -
along with your clipboard -
and tell them that I'm here.
Let her go.
Who are you?
I'm a driver. Well, get back in your
car... and mind your own business.
I'm OK. I don't want any trouble.
You heard her, she's OK.
There won't be any trouble,
I just need to speak to him.
But tonight isn't just about
The Scimitar,
downstairs and all around us
you'll find original artwork
created by young offenders under
our artistic licence scheme.
It's all for sale. So, please,
dig deep and enjoy yourselves.
Thanks for coming.
Mr Wesley.
What are you doing here?
I gave you two days, I still haven't
heard from you.
I needed to think about it. I wouldn't
say there was much to think about,
unless you want all this to come
crashing down. Look...
I'll pay.
It will just take me time
to raise the money.
Tell me where I can find you.
Adam's dead.
What?!
He was killed on the site today.
It was an accident.
An accident?!
That's what they say.
Does anyone know? What?
You know what I'm talking about.
Did you tell them?
No. You mustn't.
Eva... Adam's dead.
He sold it to them
and they killed him.
I have to go to the police.
No!
Yeah.
No, it's not a problem.
Bye.
Accident on a building site.
Happened yesterday.
Builder was killed when a generator
exploded in his face.
Adam Jannsen? What's that, German?
Polish, I think. Does it make any
difference?
Not to him any more.
Anyway, it's a big deal.
It's The Scimitar.
You know, maybe you should read
the papers a bit more, Derek.
It's a £500 million development.
It's controversial - it's got
government backing, anyway.
Press are all over it, that's
why it's been passed up to us.
What about Health and Safety?
No, they've been told to wait.
I want you to go down there and
make a preliminary report.
And take Sayyad with you.
Why? Cos he's a TDC, Derek.
"T" stands for trainee,
not something you send him out to
buy, all right?
Right, come on.
Get your coat.
The new building known as
The Scimitar
has been controversial since it was
given the go-ahead earlier this year.
'Police and health and safety officials
have closed down the entire project
'following the death of an unnamed
construction worker yesterday.'
Where's the foreman? In the office.
Well, well, well!
Raymond Keane!
I've not seen you in a while.
Hi, Derek.
You work here, do ya? Yeah.
Site foreman.
Wonders will never cease.
So, what happened?
It was an accident.
Checked the generator and...
..the thing just blew.
His bad luck, eh?
Let's have a look, shall we?
We had a power short, so I sent
Jannsen to look at the generator.
You sent him? He was the first
person I saw. I hardly knew him.
From Adam, yeah. So, what happened?
I dunno. I think there was a leak
in the tank.
No-one had been near it for days.
I haven't a clue. Just like old
times, eh?
Was anyone else here?
No, he was on his own.
Sarge.
There's chewing gum.
That could've been left there a week
ago.
Looks fresh. And there's boot prints
around the fuel tanker.
Right. Some of the lads came over,
you know, after it happened.
It was probably one of them.
'There will, I'm sure, be a full
investigation
'by the police and the Health and
Safety Executive.
'But we cannot allow an accident
like this, albeit a tragic one,
'to distract us.
'Minister, how do you feel about
'the opposition to The Scimitar both
local and national?'
Louis, have you seen this? Shh.
'My thoughts are with the family and
friends of the man who was sadly killed.
'But I would like to say this.
We need...'
We're all over the news.
Yes, I've seen.
It's terrible. I tell you what's
terrible, Elias,
we've just been shut down.
There'll be a full investigation
by HSE,
prohibition notices, God knows!
Why did he have to die on the bloody
building site?
He could have... fallen under a bus,
hr could've been knocked down
by a train. Louis!
It's just a bloody shame,
that's all.
Yes? I understand you have an
Adam Jannsen living here?
That's right. Your name is?
Karen Andrews.
I'm Detective Sergeant Sands, this
is Detective Constable Sayyad.
Can we come in?
It's not a good time.
Not for Adam, not for us, not for
anybody, really,
but we'd still like to come in.
It's my house.
Adam's been renting a room from me
for the last three months.
So how did the two of you meet?
Internet.
There's a renting agency.
But he just walked through the door.
So what can you tell us about Adam?
He was very quiet, very
hard-working, he didn't go out much.
So, nothing unusual's happened over
the last few days, weeks?
Apart from Adam getting himself
killed, I mean.
He didn't say or do anything
that made you think twice?
No. Are you suggesting...? I'm not
suggesting anything, Ms Andrews,
I'm just asking you some questions,
and if you could answer them,
that'd be a real help.
I didn't see that much of him.
He seemed completely normal.
In fact, he was very cheerful.
He'd made some money.
That's his. He'd just bought it.
Er, did he tell you
HOW he made the money?
No. He must've done another job.
Moonlighting. He never stopped.
It was an accident. A piece of kit
that should have been inspected.
Poor bastard turned it on
and it blew him apart.
Let's leave it to Health and Safety.
I don't agree.
Er, excuse me, who asked you?
Adam Jannsen was a casual labourer,
no record here or abroad,
wife, daughter, no enemies, nothing.
You ran into Raymond Keane? Yes.
He was your informant, wasn't he?
On and off back in the '90s, then
he disappeared.
Are you going to talk to him?
I might, but he doesn't know anything, he was
nowhere near the generator when it happened.
Adam Jannsen made money the week
before he died. Moonlighting.
And there may have been someone
there when it happened.
I found chewing gum.
I know it's not much, but when I
mentioned it, Keane looked nervous.
All right. Talk to Keane again.
But I think you're right, let's leave this
to HSE unless something else comes up.
And you... don't argue with your
senior officer,
especially not in front of me.
Why am I doing this? Muay Thai.
Thai boxing. Yeah, I know what it
is, why am I doing it?
Well, it's good for leg strength,
core muscles,
cardiovascular, and it helps you
de-stress.
He was a builder, a general
labourer. His name was Adam Jannsen.
They're saying it was an accident,
but I'm not so sure.
Where was he from? Er... Bizgozca.
Hmm. Bydgoszcz. All right, somewhere
with two Zs in it.
Bydgoszcz. What, you been there?
No, I just know how to pronounce it.
Five. Six.
Six. That was seven!
Seven. Eight!
So, what you doing?
Can't tell ya.
You always say that.
It is really annoying.
Look, it's SF0 business. You can
tell me because we're mates.
I'm not interested anyway.
Look, I need your help. Adam was
Polish, he has a mate who's Polish.
You know these people.
What, because I'm... Polish?
That's racist. No, it's not.
Yes, it is. How is that possibly
racist?
I'm amazed you've never done this
before.
I didn't want to do it before. I
don't think I want to do it now.
Charles Matherson.
Who's Charles Matherson?
What's the point of telling if you don't even
know who he is? Just tell me! He's a big shot.
He's in government.
I'm his driver.
You're driving him?
It's what I do.
Well, that's cool. Do you have to
wear a cap?
Yeah, just... keep going.
Relax.
You ready?
Yeah. OK. We can do something
fairly basic just to start with.
All right.
Hah!
I'm sorry. You kicked me...
in the balls.
It wasn't a kick, it was dechang.
You should learn it, you don't know
when you might need it.
I don't need it, in any sense.
I've got to get home. Me, too.
I've got an early start. Are you
seeing any... more flats?
Perhaps.
Yeah? Yeah.
Actually, I saw one today.
I wasn't looking, but I stumbled on
a room to rent.
Nice house.
Owned by a girl.
Are you... going to take it?
It's complicated.
I haven't asked.
You shouldn't rent, you should buy.
I can't afford to buy,
not in London.
We could go halves. We still
couldn't afford it.
Besides, I'm not sure it's a good
idea.
Why not? Well, I hardly even know
you. Anyway...
What?! You just kicked me!
Oh... I said I was sorry.
Yeah.
Well, it's not exactly a
recommendation.
Oh, erm...
..see you, then.
See ya. Say hello to Leila for me.
So... you live here, do you?
I have a bedsit on the top floor.
You don't drink? I gave it up.
Booze is what got me into trouble
in the first place.
You were a... alcoholic?
Shoplifting in an off-licence, that
was the first time I got nicked.
I thought I was your first time?
No, you were the first one who put
me inside.
So where have you been all these
years? Back up north.
You know, Manchester, Leeds.
I needed to work.
I gave you work. Yeah,
but I moved on.
How's Eda? How's the kids?
They moved on too.
I'm sorry.
So this business with Jannsen?
What happened, Raymond,
at the building site?
It was an accident.
Why would I lie to ya?
I didn't even know the guy.
You sent him over there. He was in
the wrong place, wrong time.
It was just bad luck.
Oh, I was just about to leave for
work. Can I just talk to you?
It'll only be a few minutes.
This really is a nice place.
Thank you.
Will you be renting the room again?
I haven't really thought about it.
Why do you ask? Oh, I just wondered.
I suppose I'll have to. I mean,
I can't afford not to.
Anyway, what do you want to know?
Is there anything else you can
tell me about Adam?
Erm...
did you know any of his friends?
They were mainly Eastern European.
Polish.
If you want to talk to them,
they'll be at the Golabki.
What's that? It's a club.
They're having drinks in his memory
tonight at nine.
Look, you said he earned extra cash
moonlighting? That's right.
Do you know how much cash?
Well, he'd paid two months rent
in advance.
How much was that? £800.
That's good value.
I might put it up. No.
Er, that's... Yeah, that's about
right. Yeah.
I know I said he was moonlighting,
but now that I think about it,
I don't think he had the time.
Er, well, did he gamble?
Or could he have sold something
or borrowed the money?
There's one thing.
A few days before he died,
he went to see someone.
An antiques dealer.
His name was Gulliver.
How do you know that? He asked me
about the spelling.
He Googled the address.
This was his?
I'll need to take it as evidence.
Stefan, would you do me a favour?
There's a box in the boot that weighs a
ton, do you think you could bring it in?
Yes, sir, is pleasure.
I'm just going to be ten minutes
and then straight to Westminster.
And this afternoon my wife needs to
go to King's Cross station.
Have you met her? No, sir.
I'll introduce you.
Just put it down there.
Call the boss. We've got company.
Helen?
I wasn't expecting you.
Just looking in on my way to B&Q's
and dropped off those samples.
Thank you.
HI-YAH!
Can I help you?
Would you mind putting that
down?
It's not a toy and it's expensive.
Were you looking for anything
in particular?
Actually, I'm a police officer.
I'm making enquiries about a man
called Adam Jannsen.
Do you remember him?
Why would I remember him
when I have never met him?
He had your address on his phone.
So what?
When he left here,
he had money in his pocket.
I think he sold something to you.
I don't buy from the public,
only from people I know.
So, why are you wasting my time?
Three days later he was dead.
My heart bleeds.
People die all the time,
even policemen.
Are you threatening me?
Everything all right, John?
I don't know, JC.
Maybe.
Maybe not.
You were just leaving, weren't you?
All right.
You weren't worried last night,
were you? What?
The Wesleys.
Do you think they've got problems?
Well, they've borrowed through
the roof at the worst possible time.
And now they've put all their eggs
in one very rickety basket.
You're not telling me they're
going under?
I very much hope not, Charles.
I never wanted to do business
with them in the first place.
OK...
Good dog. Good dog.
Good dog.
Shhh, good dog.
Argh!
Who's that?
The driver.
Oi, you!
Stop!
Stop! Stop it right there.
We're police officers.
Max! Max, get off him!
Get out!
Are you all right?
No, sir, I'm hurt.
Can you get up?
No, the dog bite me.
Well, what are you doing in here?
I look for Mrs Matherson, you say.
Oh, God. Helen.
Helen!
Listen, don't move.
I'll call an ambulance.
Helen!
Did Max bite him? Yes.
He was in the office.
What was he doing in there?
I've no idea.
I mean, he said he was looking
for you.
Listen, I'm going
to call an ambulance.
Put the dog outside.
Good news from the doctors...
the dog's going to be fine.
Do you think that's funny?
It bit me.
Leila?
How are you feeling?
Better.
You two know each other?
Well, I'd better leave.
You did really well, Stefan.
This is amazing.
It could give us everything
we need to know.
So...
You're pretending to be a chauffeur?
Get bitten by a dog,
you steal a memory stick.
I won't ask.
You want to go out tonight?
I'm working tonight.
Well, tomorrow, then.
How did you know I was here?
The doctor told me.
Actually, I've got something
for you.
What's that?
This.
We've had John Gulliver under
24-hour surveillance for the last
three weeks and all was going very
nicely until your boy walked in.
How did you know he was with us?
I was in the building a couple of
days ago, saw him by the stairs.
And then you decided to pick him
up before he did any more damage,
was that the idea?
I wanted to know what
he was doing there.
I think we're all of that
persuasion.
If you don't mind my asking,
what's your interest in Gulliver?
Public sculptures.
Three of them have been
stolen from different London
parks in the past three months.
We've been getting nowhere, until
last week.
There was a witness.
Excuse me,
can I ask what you're doing?
Did he see the van?
Yeah, and he got the registration.
And that didn't help?
Well, it helped us trace the vehicle
back to the company that rented it.
4 Boys Van Hire. As far as it went.
It's a cowboy operation -
cash on the counter and off you go.
They gave us descriptions of the two
men who hired it,
could have been anyone.
So, where's the van?
Forensics, nothing so far.
And Gulliver?
Gulliver's a handler,
he's well known to us.
A lot of stuff goes in and out of
that place.
And you're waiting
for your statues to turn up.
That was the idea.
He doesn't know anything about
your investigation, all right?
That wasn't why I was there.
So, why were you there?
Adam Jannsen visited Gulliver
three days before he died.
Oh, come on!
Jannsen, the construction worker?
His death is officially an accident.
I think he sold something to
Gulliver.
He was paid money, then he died.
So, how did you find Gulliver?
It was in Adam's phone,
he Googled the address.
Why did you run? Someone came
chasing after me -
I thought he was with Gulliver.
Yeah, that was my DC.
Now he's out of action with
a concussion.
He's meant to have an observation
post tonight watching.
Gulliver midnight until six.
Well, you've got cameras,
haven't you? Yeah.
But they've been unreliable.
I need someone there.
Thanks to him, I've got no-one.
Maybe I can help.
We're still processing the document
Stefan recovered from Mathersons',
but, so far, everything is in the
wife's name - including the house.
She paid £3.5 million for it
nine years ago.
But it's worth at least twice that
now.
So, she's the wealthy one, not him.
What else?
Creighton Quarries is very
successful.
That's the family business
run by her father.
The ragstone is a premium product
and it costs a fortune.
What have you got on Matherson?
He has his ministerial salary,
£134,565 a year, but that's it.
One bank account, no unusual
transactions.
So, there's no evidence of anything
untoward?
I'm beginning to wonder
if this is worth pursuing.
The corrupt minister?
Well, only according to
Peter Mayhew.
This came from Mayhew?
Why so surprised?
Well, he's in government.
Why would he brief against one
of his own ministers?
That's a good point.
I've been asking myself the exact
same question.
Is he using us?
And if so, why?
Alison.
What an unexpected pleasure.
Would you care to join me?
I want to ask you about
Charles Matherson.
What do you want to know?
Why are you so interested in him?
Do you really think he's corrupt?
Do you think I would have
gone to the SFO if I didn't?
How are you getting on?
What were your sources?
Well, common-sense.
He's selling large quantities
of ragstone to the very developers
he's helping.
That's his father-in-law.
I think you'll find the business
is now run by his wife.
Since when?
Since the father-in-law
got dementia.
I hadn't seen that.
Well, glad to help.
Why are you really giving this
to us, Uncle Peter?
What is it that you want?
Justice.
The same as you.
He's a Polish labourer.
How it happened is still
a complete mystery.
I feel so sorry for you,
it must be the last thing you
want on your plate right now.
We've got HSE all over us.
It could set us back two,
maybe three weeks.
Which may slightly affect
our business with you.
There can't be any question
of a delay, Louis.
The order's already been
confirmed.
I'm afraid the boat's already left.
It was just a thought.
As they say, you might have cut us
a little slack.
Actually, now that I've taken over,
that's exactly the sort of business
practice we're trying to avoid.
Yeah, I'm going to be late tonight.
Ooh, sorry.
Hey, this is Carrie.
Hello?
Yeah, I've got an OP.
Rash said some of Adam's friends
don't speak English,
so he brought me with him.
You're Polish?
Yeah, I was born there.
Hey, I've got to tell you,
I can't stay long.
Why not?
I'm working.
Well, just a quick drink.
No, no, no.
No drink.
You want these people to talk
to you, you drink with them.
He's right.
Over there.
I saw him at the building site.
He worked with Adam.
Great. I'll get the beers.
Didn't you hear me?
Just sit down and translate.
He didn't know him.
They just worked together.
Oh, well, then why
have you come here tonight?
They don't want to talk to you.
Well, do they want to be
arrested for obstruction?
He wants to be arrested?
He wants to talk.
All right.
He wants a drink first, though.
No, I can't drink.
I've got to keep a clear head.
Why?
Cos I'm working.
I've got an OP.
When do you start?
Midnight.
Well, you've still got time.
You don't want to offend these guys.
All right, just the one.
Cheers! Cheers.
What was that stuff?
Rekty spirit.
What does that mean?
95%.
Did you know that?
I didn't know.
Coffee!
I want to come with you.
I'm your mate.
I'm going to be there with you.
All night.
I don't want you there.
This is boring.
Nothing's happening.
We've only been here five minutes.
Your job is rubbish.
Then just... go.
If I go,
you'll fall asleep.
Mm.
Thanks to you.
You didn't have to drink it.
If Heywood finds out about this...
..I'm finished.
Wake up!
I wasn't asleep.
You were asleep.
No, I was resting my eyes.
Then what was I saying?
I wasn't listening.
You go first.
You have the first sleep.
I'm not going to sleep.
Evening.
You're late.
Yeah, sorry.
This your place, then?
Yes, it's my name above the door.
How much would something like this
set me back?
4,000.
4,000?
Quid?
You're not serious.
It's neoclassical.
I don't suppose you know
what that means.
No, you're right.
I don't.
So, why don't you give me what
I want and you can get out of here?
Well, I've got to see it first.
That's it?
Yes.
Great.
Neoclassical...
All right, you bastard.
You've made your point.
You can have it for nothing
and piss off.
Afraid not, mate.
They're not my instructions.
No-one likes being blackmailed.
I wasn't blackmailing anyone.
Well, that's not how they see it.
I told people about what
I was doing.
People know.
Your word against ours, isn't it?
And you're not going to be
talking to anyone.
Wait!
You're making a mistake.
There are two of them.
What?
What you came for, Jannsen had two.
So, where's the other one?
I won't tell you.
Not until you've let me go.
Let me make a phone call,
ten minutes, you'll have it.
No.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm going to make you tell me.
Like this.
No! Where is it?
I don't know! I don't know!
But I can help you find it!
The builder had it.
He asked me if I could use it,
but he didn't say where it was.
The builder, Jannsen? Yes!
He's dead.
He's got it somewhere!
I swear to you! Shh!
I believe you.
All right, listen to me.
You're not stupid.
You know who I am.
Whatever you're being paid,
I can double it.
I can triple it.
I can find it for you.
I can help you.
I know what it looks like!
Thanks.
But, you know...
I can do that myself.
Rash.
Are you asleep?
Wake up. Mm?
Wake up! WAKE UP!
Uh! Huh?
What happened?
I don't know.
JESUS!
Is Gulliver still in there?
Well, I don't know.
We have to go in! If you go in
there, you're going to get killed!
I'm going to get killed anyway!
No, no, no!
Get off!
How did this happen?
How COULD it happen?
It wasn't your fault.
I know it's not my fault.
It's YOUR fault!
Whoa! Whoa!
What are you doing?
You started it.
Somebody tied Gulliver to a chair
and then set him on fire.
Jesus.
Eleanor shut down the investigation,
she sent me home.
Then she won't know what
you're up to.
Let me see if I can talk myself
out of firing you.
Why do you let these people
walk all over you?
Because they're bastards!
This has gone on long enough,
close it down.
Stop!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org